Initial abstract (#64)
SW814F20/Report: report/abstract.tex

> This project is about the development of a mobile application what will help costumers and developers to communicate requirements for a software project by providing a uniform communications platform and automated test generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is about the development of a mobile application what will help customers and developers to communicate requirements for a software project by providing a uniform communications platform and automated test generation.
```

> The project was conducted while using a development process called Essence, proposed by the supervisor Ivan Aaen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The project was conducted using the development process called Essence, proposed by our supervisor Ivan Aaen.
```

> The product is composed of a mobile application that the costumer uses to specify requirements in the form of User Interface components arranged in screens, composing the final software.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The product is composed of a mobile application that the Product Owner uses to specify requirements in the form of User Interface components arranged in screens, composing the final software.
```

> Each of these requirements can be generated into automated tests to verify if the developed software fulfils the requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these requirements can be generated into automated tests to verify if the developed software fulfills the requirements.
```

> Each of these requirements can by the developers be generated into automated tests to verify if the developed software fulfils the requirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each of these requirements can be generated into automated tests to verify if the developed software fulfils the requirements.
```

> Each requirement added by the costumer is translated into development issues on GitHub, a platform most developers are familiar with, to isolate the costumers from GitHub itself, while still providing insights into the development progress from GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each requirement added by the customer is translated into development issues on GitHub, a platform most developers are familiar with, to isolate the customer from GitHub itself, while still providing insights into the development progress from GitHub.
```
